Copyright (c) 2016, 2017, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

This is a release of MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server), an interactive
JavaScript, Python and SQL console interface, supporting development and
administration for the MySQL Server. It provides scriptable API that supports
the creation and management of MySQL InnoDB clusters, as well as a modern
fluent CRUD API for the MySQL Document Store.

The AdminAPI provides an integrated solution for high availability and
scalability using InnoDB based MySQL databases, without requiring advanced
MySQL expertise.

The Document Store DevAPI enables developers and DBAs to create "schema-less"
JSON document collections and perform Create, Update, Read, Delete (CRUD)
operations on those collections with little to no knowledge of the SQL language.

Additionally, MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server) provides partial compatibility
with the mysql command line client by supporting many of the same command line
options. As with the mysql command line, MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server) can
also be used to connect to and send SQL commands to pre-5.7.12 versions of the
MySQL server using the standard MySQL network protocol.

For more information about how to configure and work with an InnoDB Cluster
see https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/en/mysql-innodb-cluster-userguide.html

For more information about how to use MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server) and
the MySQL Document Store support see
https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/en/document-store.html

If you want to write applications that use the the CRUD based X DevAPI use the
latest MySQL Connectors for your language of choice. You can also find
documentation about Connectors in the MySQL documentation site.

License information can be found in the LICENSE file.

This distribution may include materials developed by third parties. 
For license and attribution notices for these materials, please refer to
the LICENSE file. 

For more information on MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server), visit
  https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysql-shell.html

For additional downloads and the source of MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server),
visit
  http://dev.mysql.com/downloads

MySQL Shell (part of MySQL Server) is brought to you by the MySQL team at
Oracle.
